SCARLETT: I'm so glad we're doing this.
JOANNA: I know! I was just thinking that too. You know we should take a picture!
SCARLETT: Yeah we should!
JOANNA: Yeah, okay hold on one minute
JOANNA: Okay, ready. Hold on, ready?
JOANNA: One, two, three … *snap*
BOTH: Oh, oh
SCARLETT: ****
JOANNA: That's okay. I think I got it before…
JOANNA: OH. MY. GOD. Scarlett, look.
*sparkly princess rainbow noise*
JOANNA: That is the cutest dog I've ever seen!
SCARLETT: It's so fluffy!
JOANNA: I wanna pet it!
SCARLETT: I need a picture, let's go.
*Joanna gasp*
JOANNA: Oh no...
*looming music*
JOANNA: I really want to pet that dog, but I do not want to talk to that guy.
SCARLETT: Oh my god, is he eating a raw onion?
*grossed out noise*
JOANNA: He's totally using that dog to talk to girls.
JOANNA: And it's totally working.
SCARLETT: No, Joanna, you can not go over there. It's just gonna lead him on.
*Mild Hulk noises*
JOANNA: Not fair!
JOANNA: Ugh, you're right, you're right. It's not like I need to pet that dog.
*cuteness overload*
JOANNA: Oh my god he just waved!
JOANNA: If only I could just touch it.
SCARLETT: Snap out of it, Joanna. It's not worth it. What about the guy?
SCARLETT: He just spilled mustard on his arm. Who even carries around mustard?
JOANNA: Eww...
JOANNA: He just licked his own arm.
JOANNA: Aww, he just licked his own arm!
BOTH: Aww
SCARLETT: But I mean, it could be cuter.
JOANNA: Yeah. No, you're right, you're right. It's not like one of those dogs with accessories.
JOANNA: Oh my god, he just put a bow on it.
JOANNA: It's an ugly bow. It's just a…
JOANNA: Ugly tongue...
SCARLETT: No, resist!
JOANNA: That's evil, just evil!
JOANNA: Oh! Scarlett, I've an idea. Why don't you go talk to the guy, while I pet the dog?
SCARLETT: What? No.
JOANNA: Oh, come on! You owe me.
JOANNA: Remember that time I talked to that total creeper at the bar, so that you could get closer to Jay?
SCARLETT: Remember that time I took credit for your fart in gym class?
SCARLETT: They called me Shartlett for a month!
*JOANNA laugh*
JOANNA: Well, remember when I sat through all three High School Musical movies with you?
SCARLETT: You didn't enjoy that?
*SACHI bark*
JOANNA: Aw, come on! He wants us to pet him.
JOANNA: Look! He's looking right at us!
JOANNA: HE'S LOOKING RIGHT AS US!
SACHI: Damn, I really want that muffin.
SACHI: But I really don't want to talk to those girls...
SACHI: No, no, no. No, no! No, nooooooo.
SACHI: No, no, nooo.
SACHI: Aw, man!
SACHI: My muffin!
PHIL: Oh my god, is the dog in a stroller?
PHIL:Oh my god, the dog is in a stroller
Ah, Philip. Philip, you crazy.
PHIL: Kinda good.